Aren't you an uncle?
Why don't I know?
I have such a shameless daughter
You are the chairperson
Then you are me, the daughter of the Ye family
Ye Mao
Have you been lying to me? You've been lying to us for so long.
What are you scaring us all into?
Ye Mao, you've made us all miserable
Yanyan said she wants to be independent
I just let him go
But I didn't expect you little people to get into the air
Bullying my daughter
Chairperson, I didn't interpret the dream.
I've been swallowing it, not because I'm weak
But because I saw a colleague
I don't want to argue with you.
But you pretend that the eldest lady is addicted
In the company, it is even more lawless
And you fawn over the so-called eldest lady
Make all kinds of ridiculous and hateful states of mind
It's really chilling.
My company doesn't allow bailout settlements
Those who hold high and step low
You four get out of here right now
Chairperson, we were wrong.
Wrong, we are blind
Chairperson, I was wrong, I was wrong.
Chairperson, I am innocent
It's him, it's this bitch
You've been lying to me
Who gave you the guts to impersonate my daughter?
i
Didn't I tell you to protect the eldest lady?
I took care of him for a while when I was a kid
Butler Xiao Zheng
Last night, I drove the luxury car of Jiuwu Supreme to pick up Ye Mao
They got us in the way.
Is it right?